        
### 21. Declare String VariablesPassed 
   Previously we have used the code
```js
 var myName = "your name";
```

`"your name"` is called a string literal. It is a string because it is a series of zero or more characters enclosed in single or double quotes.

**************************************************************
- [x]  **Task-21** Create two new string variables: `myFirstName `and `myLastName` and assign them the values of your first and last name, respectively.

### 22. Escaping Literal Quotes in StringsPassed 

 When you are defining a string you must start and end with a single or double quote. What happens when you need a literal quote: `"` or`'` inside of your string?

In JavaScript, you can escape a quote from considering it as an end of string quote by placing a backslash (`\`) in front of the quote.
```js
var sampleStr = "Alan said, \"Peter is learning JavaScript\".";
```
This signals to JavaScript that the following quote is not the end of the string, but should instead appear inside the string. So if you were to print this to the console, you would get:
```js
Alan said, "Peter is learning JavaScript".
```
**********************************************************
- [x]  **Task-22** Use backslashes to assign a string to the `myStr `variable so that if you were to print it to the console, you would see:
```js
I am a "double quoted" string inside "double quotes".
```
### 23. Quoting Strings with Single QuotesPassed 

String values in JavaScript may be written with single or double quotes, as long as you start and end with the same type of quote. Unlike some other programming languages, single and double quotes work the same in JavaScript.

```js
doubleQuoteStr = "This is a string"; 
singleQuoteStr = 'This is also a string';
```
The reason why you might want to use one type of quote over the other is if you want to use both in a string. This might happen if you want to save a conversation in a string and have the conversation in quotes. Another use for it would be saving an `<a>`tag with various attributes in quotes, all within a string.

```js
conversation = 'Finn exclaims to Jake, "Algebraic!"';
```
However, this becomes a problem if you need to use the outermost quotes within it. Remember, a string has the same kind of quote at the beginning and end. But if you have that same quote somewhere in the middle, the string will stop early and throw an error.
```js
goodStr = 'Jake asks Finn, "Hey, let\'s go on an adventure?"';
badStr = `Flinn responds, "Lst's go!"'; 
```

Here `badStr` will throw an error.

In the goodStr above, you can use both quotes safely by using the backslash `\` as an escape characters.

**Note:**  The backslash `\` should not be confused with the forward slash `\`. They do not do the same thing.
*******************************************
- [x] **Task-23** Change the provided string to a string with single quotes at the beginning and end and no escape characters.

Right now, the `<a>` tag in the string uses double quotes everywhere. You will need to change the outer quotes to single quotes so you can remove the escape characters 

### 24. Concatenating Strings with Plus OperatorPassed

In JavaScript, when the `+` operator is used with a `String` value, it is called the concatenation operator. You can build a new string out of other strings by concatenating them together.

**Example**
```js
'My name is Alan,' + ' I concatenate.'
```

**Note:** Watch out for spaces. Concatenation does not add spaces between concatenated strings, so you'll need to add them yourself.

**Example:**
```js
var ourStr = "I come first. " + "I come second.";
```
The string `I come first. I come second.` would be displayed in the console.
*************************************************

- [x]  **Task-24** Build `myStr `from the strings `This is the start.` and` This is the end.` using the + operator
  


### 25. Concatenating Strings with the Plus Equals OperatorPassed

We can also use the `+= `operator to concatenate a string onto the end of an existing string variable. This can be very helpful to break a long string over several lines.

**Note:** Watch out for spaces. Concatenation does not add spaces between concatenated strings, so you'll need to add them yourself.

**Example:**
```js
var ourStr = "I come first. ";
ourStr += "I come second.";
```
`ourStr` now has a value of the string `I come first. I come second..`
*****************

- [x]  **Task-25** Build `myStr` over several lines by concatenating these two strings:`This is the first sentence` and `This is the second sentence.` using the `+= `operator. Use the `+=`operator similar to how it is shown in the editor. Start by assigning the first string to `myStr`, then add on the second string

### 26. Constructing Strings with VariablesPassed

Sometimes you will need to build a string, Mad Libs style. By using the concatenation operator (+), you can insert one or more variables into a string you're building.

**Example:**
```JS
var ourName = "freeCodeCamp";
var ourStr = "Hello, our name is " + ourName + ", how are you?";
```
`ourStr` would have a value of the string `Hello, our name is freeCodeCamp, how are you?.`
*****************************************************

- [x] **Task-26** Set `myName` to a string equal to your name and build `myStr` with `myName` between the strings `My name is` and and `I am well!`
  


### 27. Appending Variables to StringsPassed
Just as we can build a string over multiple lines out of string literals, we can also append variables to a string using the plus equals (+=) operator.

**Example:**
```js
var anAdjective = "awesome!";
var ourStr = "freeCodeCamp is ";
ourStr += anAdjective;
```
`ourStr` would have the value `freeCodeCamp is awesome!.`
***************************************************

- [x] **Task-27** Set `someAdjective` to a string of at least 3 characters and append it to `myStr` using the `+=` operator


### 28. Find the Length of a StringPassed
You can find the length of a `String` value by writing `.length` after the string variable or string literal.
```js
console.log("Alan Peter".length);
```
The value `10` would be displayed in the console.

For example, if we created a variable var `firstName = "Charles"`, we could find out how long the string `Charles` is by using the `firstName.length` property.
***************************************************

- [x] **Task-28**  Use the `.length `property to count the number of characters in the `lastName` variable and assign it to `lastNameLength`.


#### 29. Use Bracket Notation to Find the First Character in a StringPassed

Bracket notation is a way to get a character at a specific index within a string.

Most modern programming languages, like JavaScript, don't start counting at 1 like humans do. They start at 0. This is referred to as Zero-based indexing.

For example, the character at index 0 in the word `Charles` is C. So if `var firstName = "Charles"`, you can get the value of the first letter of the string by using `firstName[0]`.

**Example:**
```js
var firstName = "Charles";
var firstLetter = firstName[0];
```
`firstLetter` would have a value of the string `C`.
***********************************


- [x] **Task-29** Use bracket notation to find the first character in the `lastName` variable and assign it to `firstLetterOfLastName`.

**Hint:** Try looking at the example above if you get stuck

### 30.Understand String ImmutabilityPassed

In JavaScript, `String` values are immutable, which means that they cannot be altered once created.

For example, the following code:
```js
var myStr = "Bob";
myStr[0] = "J";
```
cannot change the value of ``myStr` to `Job`, because the contents of myStr cannot be altered. Note that this does not mean that `myStr` cannot be changed, just that the individual characters of a string literal cannot be changed. The only way to change `myStr` would be to assign it with a new string, like this:
```js
var myStr = "Bob";
myStr = "Job";
```
***********************************
- [x] **Task-30** Correct the assignment to myStr so it contains the string value of Hello World using the approach shown in the example above.

