
### 41.Build JavaScript ObjectsPassed
You may have heard the term `object` before.

Objects are similar to `arrays`, except that instead of using indexes to access and modify their data, you access the data in objects through what are called `properties`.

Objects are useful for storing data in a structured way, and can represent real world objects, like a cat.

Here's a sample cat object:
```js
var cat = {
  "name": "Whiskers",
  "legs": 4,
  "tails": 1,
  "enemies": ["Water", "Dogs"]
};
```
In this example, all the properties are stored as strings, such as - `name`, `legs`, and `tails`. However, you can also use numbers as properties. You can even omit the quotes for single-word string properties, as follows:
```js
var anotherObject = {
  make: "Ford",
  5: "five",
  "model": "focus"
};
```
However, if your object has any non-string properties, JavaScript will automatically typecast them as strings.
************************************************
- [x]  **Task-41**Make an object that represents a dog called `myDog` which contains the properties  `name` (a string), `legs`, `tails` and `friends` is an array.

### 42. Accessing Object Properties with Dot NotationPassed
There are two ways to access the properties of an object: dot notation (`.`) and bracket notation (`[]`), similar to an array.

Dot notation is what you use when you know the name of the property you're trying to access ahead of time.

Here is a sample of using dot notation (`.`) to read an object's property:
```js
var myObj = {
  prop1: "val1",
  prop2: "val2"
};
var prop1val = myObj.prop1;
var prop2val = myObj.prop2;
```
`prop1val` would have a value of the string `val1`, and `prop2val` would have a value of the string `val2`.
****************************************************
- [x] **Task-42**  Read in the property values of `testObj` using dot notation. Set the variable `hatValue` equal to the object's property `hat` and set the variable `shirtValue` equal to the object's property `shirt`.

### 43. Accessing Object Properties with Bracket NotationPassed
The second way to access the properties of an object is bracket notation (`[]`). If the property of the object you are trying to access has a space in its name, you will need to use bracket notation.

However, you can still use bracket notation on object properties without spaces.

Here is a sample of using bracket notation to read an object's property:
```js
var myObj = {
  "Space Name": "Kirk",
  "More Space": "Spock",
  "NoSpace": "USS Enterprise"
};
myObj["Space Name"];
myObj['More Space'];
myObj["NoSpace"];
```
`myObj["Space Name"]` would be the string `Kirk`, `myObj['More Space']` would be the string `Spock`, and `myObj["NoSpace"]` would be the string `USS Enterprise`.

Note that property names with spaces in them must be in quotes (single or double).
**********************************************
- [x] **Task-43** Read the values of the properties an `entree` and `the drink` of `testObj` using bracket notation and assign them to `entreeValue` and `drinkValue` respectively.
### 44. Accessing Object Properties with VariablesPassed
Another use of bracket notation on objects is to access a property which is stored as the value of a variable. This can be very useful for iterating through an object's properties or when accessing a lookup table.

Here is an example of using a variable to access a property:
```js
var dogs = {
  Fido: "Mutt",  Hunter: "Doberman",  Snoopie: "Beagle"
};
var myDog = "Hunter";
var myBreed = dogs[myDog];
console.log(myBreed);
```
The string `Doberman` would be displayed in the console.

Another way you can use this concept is when the property's name is collected dynamically during the program execution, as follows:
```js
var someObj = {
  propName: "John"
};
function propPrefix(str) {
  var s = "prop";
  return s + str;
}
var someProp = propPrefix("Name");
console.log(someObj[someProp]);
```
`someProp` would have a value of the string `propName`, and the string `John` would be displayed in the console.

Note that we do not use quotes around the variable name when using it to access the property because we are using the value of the variable, not the *name*.

- [x] **Task-44** Set the `playerNumber` variable to `16`. Then, use the variable to look up the player's name and assign it to player.

### 45. Add New Properties to a JavaScript ObjectPassed
You can add new properties to existing JavaScript objects the same way you would modify them.

Here's how we would add a `bark` property to `ourDog`:
```js
ourDog.bark = "bow-wow";
```
or
```js
ourDog["bark"] = "bow-wow";
```
Now when we evaluate `ourDog.bark`, we'll get his bark, `bow-wow`.

**Example:**
```js
var ourDog = {
  "name": "Camper",
  "legs": 4,
  "tails": 1,
  "friends": ["everything!"]
};
```
ourDog.bark = `"bow-wow"`;
*******************************************
- [x] **Task-45**Add a `bark` property to `myDog` and set it to a dog sound, such as "woof". You may use either dot or bracket notation.
 ### 46. Delete Properties from a JavaScript ObjectPassed
We can also delete properties from objects like this:
```js
delete ourDog.bark;
```
**Example:**
```js
var ourDog = {
  "name": "Camper",
  "legs": 4,
  "tails": 1,
  "friends": ["everything!"],
  "bark": "bow-wow"
};

delete ourDog.bark;
```
After the last line shown above, `ourDog` looks like:
```js
{
  "name": "Camper",
  "legs": 4,
  "tails": 1,
  "friends": ["everything!"]
}
```
***************************************
- [x] **Task-46** Delete the `tails` property from `myDog`. You may use either dot or bracket notation

### 47. Using Objects for LookupsPassed
Objects can be thought of as a key/value storage, like a dictionary. If you have tabular data, you can use an object to lookup values rather than a `switch` statement or an `if/else` chain. This is most useful when you know that your input data is limited to a certain range.

Here is an example of a simple reverse alphabet lookup:
```js
var alpha = {
  1:"Z",
  2:"Y",
  3:"X",
  4:"W",
  ...
  24:"C",
  25:"B",
  26:"A"
};
alpha[2];
alpha[24];

var value = 2;
alpha[value];
```
`alpha[2]` is the string `Y`, `alpha[24]` is the string `C`, and `alpha[value]` is the string `Y`.
***************************************************
- [x] **Task-47** Convert the switch statement into an object called `lookup`. Use it to look up `val` and assign the associated string to the `result` variable.

### 48. Testing Objects for PropertiesPassed
Sometimes it is useful to check if the property of a given object exists or not. We can use the .`hasOwnProperty(propname)` method of objects to determine if that object has the given property name. `.hasOwnProperty()` returns `true` or `false` if the property is found or not.

**Example**
```js
var myObj = {
  top: "hat",
  bottom: "pants"
};
myObj.hasOwnProperty("top");
myObj.hasOwnProperty("middle");
```
The first `hasOwnProperty` returns `true`, while the second returns `false`.
****************************************
- [x] **Task-48** Modify the function `checkObj` to test if an object passed to the function (`obj`) contains a specific property (`checkProp`). If the property is found, return that property's value. If not, return `"Not Found"`.

### 49. Manipulating Complex ObjectsPassed
Sometimes you may want to store data in a flexible Data Structure. A JavaScript object is one way to handle flexible data. They allow for arbitrary combinations of strings, numbers, booleans, arrays, functions, and objects.

Here's an example of a complex data structure:
```js
var ourMusic = [
  {
    "artist": "Daft Punk",
    "title": "Homework",
    "release_year": 1997,
    "formats": [ 
      "CD", 
      "Cassette", 
      "LP"
    ],
    "gold": true
  }
];
```
This is an array which contains one object inside. The object has various pieces of metadata about an album. It also has a nested `formats` array. If you want to add more album records, you can do this by adding records to the top level array. Objects hold data in a property, which has a key-value format. In the example above, `"artist": "Daft Punk"` is a property that has a key of `artist` and a value of `Daft Punk`. JavaScript Object Notation or  `JSON` is a related data interchange format used to store data.
```js
{
  "artist": "Daft Punk",
  "title": "Homework",
  "release_year": 1997,
  "formats": [ 
    "CD",
    "Cassette",
    "LP"
  ],
  "gold": true
}
```
**Note**: You will need to place a comma after every object in the array, unless it is the last object in the array.
****************************************
- [x] **Task-49** Add a new album to the `myMusic` array. Add `artist` and `title` strings, `release_year` number, and a `formats` array of strings.
### 50. Accessing Nested ObjectsPassed
The sub-properties of objects can be accessed by chaining together the dot or bracket notation.

Here is a nested object:

```js
    var ourStorage = {
    "desk": {
        "drawer": "stapler"
    },
    "cabinet": {
        "top drawer": { 
        "folder1": "a file",
        "folder2": "secrets"
        },
        "bottom drawer": "soda"
    }
    };
    
ourStorage.cabinet["top drawer"].folder2;
ourStorage.desk.drawer;
```
ourStorage.cabinet["top drawer"].folder2 ` would be the string `secrets`, and `ourStorage.desk.drawer` would be the string `stapler`.

****************************************************
- [x]  **Task-50** Access the `myStorage` object and assign the contents of the `glove box` property to the `gloveBoxContents` variable. Use dot notation for all properties where possible, otherwise use bracket notation.